{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10320\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0        _        _\
      / \\   ___| |__   ___   ___\
     / _ \\ / __| '_ \\ / _ \\ / _ \\\
    / ___ \\ (__| | | | (_) | (_) |\
   /_/   \\_\\___|_| |_|\\___/ \\___/ v1.0\
\
Welcome to Achoo. We want you to skip \
the minute clinic and come to us. By\
typing your symptoms into our program\
we will be able to easily diagnose you.\
\
You fill find three directories in this \
folder. \
	The first folder labeled \'93Achoo\'94 \
	contains the source code for this \
	project.Feel free to take a look \
	and 	contribute to it.\
\
	The second folder is labeled \'93Final \
	Build\'94. This folder contains the \
	final project. Just double click on \
	the \'93Achoo\'94 and the program will run.\
	\
	The third folder is labeled \
	\'93Scraper\'94. This folder contains the \
	python script that gets the disease 	\
	information from	MayoClinic.\
	\
	The last folder \'93Documentation\'94 \
	contains some basic documentation \
	explaining how this program works.\
\
How to use the program:\
	1) Type in the the directory of the \
	diseases.txt file. Please note that\
	all \'91/\'91 should be replaced with \'91//\'91\
	2) Type in s to search with symptoms\
	3) Type in your first symptom\
		-try to be a bit specific and\
		use anatomical terms (stomach) \
		instead	of something like \
		\'93tummy\'94\
		-ex: \'93I have a fever\'94\
	4) Depending on the first symptom you \
	might be asked to type in more \
	symptoms, be presented with a 	\
	diagnosis or told that no diseases \
	were found with that 	symptom.\
		4.1) You can narrow down your \
		diagnosis by either typing in\
		more symptoms or choosing a \
		diagnosis by looking at diseases\
		with similar symptoms to yours.	\
	\
\
Some general tips:\
	- The \'93final build\'94 will only run on\
 	a mac due to the fact that it was 	\
	built on a mac. However, you can \
	rebuild the program yourself using\
	windows and the source code provided\
	easily.\
	-When the final build asks you for a \
	directory please escape the \'91/\'91 \
	with an \'91//\'92\
\
FINALLY, THIS DOES NOT REPLACE A DOCTOR \
VISIT. SELF DIAGNOSING IS NEVER A GOOD \
IDEA. \
	\
\
\
\
\
\
}